that's gonna be my catch name are you
guys ready to go for a ride soon as this
traffic it's out of the way alright
let's test the small 2013's I whoa
there's a lot more torque than the old
one
she seems like a good staying here all
day which is really nice I mean red line
to 7,000 but which feels like you can
throttle there for a good good while
like this setup very comfortable how do
you like the seats great great great
great seats okay mr. G and big old jeep
kind of just what we did was we just
kind of blown water there
how about him now you know what he's up
against there's a force on
honda vtec you know
the mask
very smooth groups are really really
good i know it's front-wheel drive but
anything to handle so much better than
they used to
definitely doesn't drive like a normal
Civic that's for sure I know the Civic
badge is on it but singing no normal
Civic that's for sure
aren't even in fifth this thing is
falling
we're just getting on it you can still
get out of your own way for sure
the mirrors are not quite as long as
they used to be done look like with
their provides much longer which makes
it much easier to see
all the way around you
dash has done a pretty good i mean
civics been doing that since 2006 now
everything's right in front of you
really
a lot of stuff has changed since the
last that site though these seats are
different I'm shifters much different
it's a little bit longer throw but it's
still real comfortable really easy to
use
and now with the beats Agra kind of let
you know
with three little yellow dots before it
turns red when you start the red line
when you should actually be shifting
which is kind of cool too but I mean you
drive the car for ten minutes and you
kind of know what to do really
but there's definitely a lot more torque
than the last ones I mean this thing
gets off the line much quicker and goes
a lot better through the gears I think
the redline shorter but that just
happens when you get bigger engines and
change the gearing in these dashes done
up really cool like this carbon fiber
looking panel all around even the seats
almost look like they have a carbon
fiber look to them which is really cool
comfortable you're in the seats that's
for sure nice bucket seats keeping even
a big old boy like me in them you got
your exhilarating ports and everything
like that for stereo I know there's a
massive sound system in this thing it's
like three hundred sixty watts which is
really really cool I mean this thing
just like screen like it wants to go I
mean seriously it's almost hard like we
just found out to do the speed limit
sometimes especially not 30 I don't
think this car game goes 30 it's either
0 or 35 and set that's where it starts
I mean getting it on the pedal and that
just kicks and nice
very easy to pass somebody they're not
quite going as quick as you want them to
of course nobody is going as long as you
want them to when you're in one today
itself
back at the grants dealership on her
the same place where you can find this
exact right
and that cool blue red right there dude
very fun carts
you